Good evening, family. Thank you for
joining us again today. I know it's
later. It's on purpose. There's things
that I've had going on today. And
the Lord visited today
and there was a lot that he said.
I told D
whenever the Lord visits
and he gives us a word as strong as
he did today,
in
those moments, I fear him.
There's awe. But it's just
Jesus.
And I want always to tell you we go
vertical here. We have this treasure in
earthen
vessels that the excellency of
the power is known of him and is not of
us. He could have used anybody, and
we're just grateful he looked at us. So,
let's go to
what you're about to see in the news. It is
pretty shocking for what we've been
telling you is coming by the Spirit of
God. Ready?
Article 1B:
Texas man charged with trying to provide
bomb materials to
ISIS.
He was an FBI agent. He got busted. All
to the glory of God. Isn't that amazing?
So, can you scroll up, son? Because they
can't see the guy with the
outfit on.
Yeah, right there. So, he has all this
stuff and he's trying to do... This is
Texas today,
from
what I understand. So, a man is
plotting to do mass chaos in Texas. So,
we're praying over this number
two.
Go ahead.
Federal agents have arrested a Texas man
for allegedly trying to help ISIS. The
newly uncovered plot comes as DHS issues
a warning urging people to remain
vigilant during their New Year's Eve
celebrations. Fox News team coverage
now; David Spunt has more on the Trump
administration's plan to step up
security. But we begin with Brooke
Taylor live in Dallas on this Texas
terror arrest. Brooke.
'Hi, Jackie. Well, federal charges have
been filed against this ISIS sympathizer
here in Texas. He's charged with
trying to give
bomb-making
materials to an undercover FBI agent who
was posing as an ISIS member. This
investigation started back in October
when an undercover NYPD officer flagged
a social media account belonging to John
Michael Garza Jr. The account followed
several pro-ISIS pages and commented on
ISIS posts. The undercover
officer
started talking with Garza, who
described himself as a 21-year-old
Mexican-American living in Texas. Over
the course of two months, Garza sent
ISIS media releases to the undercover
agent, including videos of suicide
bombings and instructional
bomb-making
videos. Prosecutors say he
also sent small amounts of
cryptocurrency to the agent, believing
those funds would be used to buy guns
and support ISIS. Last Monday, Garza
agreed to meet a second person that he
believed was an ISIS brother, but was
really that FBI undercover agent. He
allegedly handed over bomb materials to
the agent and explained how to mix the
chemicals. He was arrested shortly after
that meeting and now faces a maximum of
20 years behind bars if he's
convicted.'Attorney
General Pam Bondi sharing this
statement: 'ISIS's poisonous
ideology must be ripped out root and
stem. Anyone who tries to commit
violence on ISIS's behalf will be found,
arrested, and prosecuted. You cannot
hide from us.'And FBI director
Kash
Patel also said, 'Let this case serve as
a reminder to anyone planning to
attack the United States on behalf of a
terrorist organization. You will be
brought to
justice.'Jackie,
all glory to Jesus for that, ladies and
gentlemen. Another one down.
Another crazy, but it's Dallas. Like,
we've prayed over Dallas. Isn't that
interesting? Okay, now we have another
one that was caught.
Lone actors and groups driven by
ideology are the most significant
terrorism threat to New Year
celebrations, report says.
Yeah,
so they're concerned about it.
Security
preparations
are
underway ahead of
New Year's Eve celebration in
Times
Square.
Even greater security
preparations. Never has
there ever been two layers of security
on
New Year's Eve for the
celebration, the countdown, and all the
things that are going on.
I want you to see what
they're doing in New Year's. This is, I
believe, a result of prayer.
So if there isn't a threat and all the
things that we know what
we've seen by the Spirit of God, they
know. But they're not trying to alarm
the people. We don't want mass chaos. We
want peace. But we're thankful
for our security, right? So,
look at the security.
Meanwhile, the NYPD is stepping up security
as it does each year. There are no
specific threats, but police aren't
taking any chances. For the first time
this year, they're adding a second layer
of screening. Revelers won't get
screened just once, but twice.
And one of the main security concerns,
according to federal authorities, is the
potential for vehicle rammings after
last year's deadly terror attack in New
Orleans. Eyewitness News reporter
Darla
Miles in Times Square with the latest.
Darla:
'Well, Shirin and Joe, as you can see,
thousands of people have already
descended upon New York City. They are
walking through Times Square, pretty much
worry-free. None of them have a possible
terrorist attack or security threat in
mind. And the NYPD and the city of New
York want to keep it that way.
New Year's Eve in Times Square is one of
the largest and the most complex public
safety operations anywhere in the
world.'New
York City is locked in and ready to
host millions of tourists planning to
ring in 2026 in Times Square. Mayor Adams
and NYPD Commissioner Jessica
Tisch
Tuesday morning holding a security
briefing to reassure those revelers the
festivities will be a virtual fortress
with thousands of boots on the ground.
It's what we're praying over. So
here's another one. When I told you
about the new mayor, he decided
now he doesn't feel safe to do it in front
of the public. So he's going to go downtown.
He's going to go underground.
Zohran
Mamdani
is
taking the
oath underground. I
don't know if that's literal or
whatever, but he's going to do his oath
underground because he's afraid for his
life.
Mamdani
ditches
Times Square; will take mayoral oath
underground, sworn in by
Letitia
James. While Times Square
gets the confetti, New York's real power
shift is happening underground. Mayor-elect
Mamdani
will be sworn in just
before midnight on January 1st inside
the abandoned Old City Hall subway
station, a 1904 landmark sealed off
since 1945. The oath will be
administered by Attorney General
Letitia
James
in a private ceremony
far from flashing lights and corporate
backdrops. The location is no accident.
Mamdani
is making his first move
as mayor a statement: 'This city
was built below street level by workers,
engineers, and immigrants.'Taking the oath
beneath City Hall signals exactly who he
says New York belongs to. Mamdani, a
Democratic Socialist who ran on
fair-free
buses, rent freezes, and aggressive
transit investment, is tying his
leadership to infrastructure.
I
just think it's interesting.
Obviously, there's
more to
what's being said that's not being said.
They're not trying to
cause mass chaos. And so, thank God,
they know how to keep things
more secure and do the things
they know how to do to keep us all safe.
Heightened security plan for New York
and National Guard deployed to New
Orleans. Now, that's interesting.
For New Year's Eve, the National Guard is
deploying
to New Orleans.
This is another city
the Lord showed us. The National
Guard is being deployed to New Orleans.
This is exactly the city we've been
interceding for, unless there was a
bunch of you that called and raised
the alarm, like you did with
the other one in Los
Angeles,
California, and you had thousands of
people call. Maybe you did;
I don't know. I just know this is
interesting to me. I thought, 'Did Sister
Clipboard call a thousand times to New Orleans?'Maybe,
because
I'm thinking
they do. The National Guard is being
deployed in New Orleans, so maybe Sister
Clipboard called New Orleans too.
I'm just telling y'all because I'm
thinking that's very interesting. Two
layers of security in New York and
the
National Guard being deployed in New
Orleans for y'all. I thought she
must have blown up the phone all day
long. We didn't get a
call about the National
Guard in New Orleans, thank God, but
I'm just thinking she was
busy all day. Maybe she's
like, 'We've got to call New Orleans.
We're calling
Beverly Hills. We're calling
everybody today. Call your friends.
Hide your wife, hide your kids.
They're
going crazy up in here, y'all. Hide
your kids, hide your wives, hide your
relatives.'Somebody
said, 'Sister Clipboard,
you're
a busy
girl.'You're
a busy girl, Clipboard.
She's tired. She
says,
'I'm tired,'all thousand of
you. I mean, God bless you if you
took it. I know it's
serious. I don't know, but
I just think it's not a coincidence. I'm not
trying to be funny; it's very
serious. But I'm thinking, my goodness,
look at this.
Somebody said, 'Y'all gave her a
job.'We
gave Sister Clipboard a job.
Oh my goodness,
she is busy up in here.
Seriously, it's crazy.
The comments are funny,
but
it's not funny; it's very serious. Okay,
go to the next.
See
what even Elon Musk said. This
is an Elon Musk tweet, and Braden
showed me this. I thought,
'Wow, look at what he's
saying.'What
we saw over there, the amount of money
being sent to non-governmental
organizations. But actually, this,
by the way, is I think one of the biggest
sources of fraud in the world:
government-funded
non-governmental
organizations.
This is a gigantic fraud
loophole where the government can
give money to an NGO, and then
there are no controls over that NGO. So
they've given billions of
dollars—in
fact, we estimate tens of billions of dollars—to
NGOs
that are essentially
scams.
What we saw over there...
yeah. And then
he gives a tweet,
and it says,
'My lower bound guess for how much fraud
there is nationally is 20% of the
federal budget, which would mean 1.5
trillion per year, probably much
higher.'$1.5
trillion of fraud,
folks. That should make the American
people...
I can't even comprehend $1.5
trillion in fraud, is what Elon
Musk
says. He was appalled. Do you
folks understand?
These
people are crooks. They should all be
thrown in prison. That's crazy. Then we
have the lady with the turban on
her head, the Muslim lady,
Omar. Thank you, baby. Omar
smuggling $30 million into a fake
account from what Benny Johnson said.
They did the research on it, into a
winery of over $30 million. She came
into office with less than $1,000 to
her name, was completely broke with
$40,000 worth of student loans, and now
her net worth is over $30 million, and
she's been in office for less than
four
years.
Did I say that? Did I say it good
enough?
Do you understand? In four years, she's
made $30 million.
She
was $40,000 in debt when she took
office.
That should make people a little upset
in Minnesota.
That's mega fraud.
Where do they put the money? And they
all have it on there; they have the
spreadsheets of what she said she filed
for her company for this winery that she
has. And it's some kind of satanic
devil behind this winery bottle
that she had and what she was doing.
That should make the
taxpayers furious. But I saw the
bees coming up out of the ground
circling her and the Lord said she's
done.
So let's see what happens with that. We
see these things. But Braden shows me
all these articles and it goes
with everything the Lord has told us was
coming even concerning 2026.
And the Lord today, even with the things
the Lord said today, it shook me. It
shook me. He talked about the plague,
ladies and
gentlemen, today. And I've never
experienced anything like that. And I'm
not going to go into the depth of it
because it's pretty private, some of the
things the Lord said to us. It was to us
in preparation for our ministry and what
we're supposed to do. But in this, he
kept saying there will be
not a fatal wound to America, but a major wound. He
said that the
heads of the people have been stiffened up
towards me.
Can you read part of that?
Yeah. Where you start with the cities,
that part?
I don't know. Let me see, because there's
a lot—I did not want that out
about them. There will be
a wound inflicted.
Okay, I'll find it.
And he said because their heads are up
towards me. He said, 'I will bring them
to their knees and to my side
by
bringing them... humble their heads. I'm
going to humble the heads.
Will you grieve and turn to
me?'He
said, 'It will not
be a fatal wound that you will see,
but it will make you...
will it make you come under me, or have
you turned your back upon me? Will this
wound that you're about to see turn you
back to me to
heal?'About
a shaking... and he was telling
when I saw in the vision, he said,
'The people have turned their heads
up toward me so much and I'm
done.'Basically,
he said
there will be a shaking.
'Their hearts are far from
me.'Even
the
people of the church,
our hearts are far from
him.
He says he's looking for wholeness,
a humbleness to him. Humble yourself
under me.
As I saw the shaking coming,
he spoke very greatly about these next three years.
Because you have turned your face to me
at one time, but
now you have decided you
have detached yourself from the vine, and
a great shaking will bring you to your
knees. But the wound that you will see
will not be fatal, only if you don't bow
your knee. If you don't bow your knee
when you are grieving, what will
you see? Will you turn back to me
when this has been afflicted? Will you
turn back to me? Will you bow your head
low
for what you're about to see? The very
life you take for granted and the
prosperity that I've given you will be
shaken to its core. I bring you to my
side, and a
humbling you will see that will bring
you to your
knees.
Then he said, 'You
think they're coming after your crown
jewel,
your city that is a crown jewel to
America, but they are planning to
infiltrate the other cities. They are so
focused on the crown jewel
with your security and all that is
taking place,
but they have infiltrated your
land.'He's
talking about Iran,
and he said,
'You're focused upon the
crown jewel, which is New York City
and
Washington DC,
but as I saw it, it was scattered upon the
land. I saw Albuquerque, New Mexico. I
saw San Antonio, Texas. I saw
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.'I saw Kansas. I
saw spread to Seattle. I saw all
these major cities that were spread
throughout, and he said, 'They
have infiltrated your
land.'He
talked to me and
said, 'You must know
prophetically who you're talking to and
what audience is receiving it,
for there are different words,'and he went
over that again.
I saw a cleft of the rock and Moses
as he was hidden, and the
Lord's
backside passed and
the glory came. He said, 'I
sheltered Moses and I will shelter my
remnant in
the cleft
of the rock.
I will shelter you.'I saw a divot
like a rock, and I saw a death
angel—this
demonic thing that looked like a
black mist
passed by.
He said it was this way with the
children of Israel: that when the blood
was put on their doorpost, the death
angel passed by.
I saw a shaking of a plague coming
again
that was so bad.
I don't know if I should go into the
depth of that.
I'm not here to cause you to fear; I'm
here to prepare you.
Most people go, 'Brandon, you try to
scare the Jesus out of us.'I said, 'No,
I don't. I'm trying to
prepare you for what I've
seen
coming.'The
Lord warned me of the next three
years of a major shaking, a humbling of
America, a humbling of things, an enemy
within. I was taken out, and I saw China
and Taiwan.
I saw China waiting until we are
afflicted. They all are in on
this—a
red dawn experience as America
is
preoccupied with herself. If you go back
to the prophetic words in 2023 and 2024,
I saw China waiting to infiltrate and
take Taiwan as America is preoccupied
with what's going on inside of her. They
would like to wound the eagle to the
point of no return. So then I saw them
infiltrating, and I saw Ezekiel 38 and
upon Israel,
waiting to strike Israel when America
was preoccupied within itself.
They had to get America out of the way.
I saw a strategic plan coming;
there
was so much drama going on within our
own borders that Taiwan was messed with
and taken within three days. I saw a
surrendering as China took over. Then
I saw Israel being
inflicted—Ezekiel
38 and
39.
All of this was happening so quickly, but
America was out because there was so
much drama coming into America
because of a Biden administration.
The Lord kept telling me, 'You'll be
so thankful, remnant, that you have
Trump.'I'm
not trying to exalt Trump
above anybody. He is a man.
I need you to understand that he is not
God. But I believe that
God has put his hand on Trump for such a
time as this, and you will be so
thankful in the days ahead that Trump is
still here.
We must pray for his security and for
his safety at all times
because the enemy would love to remove
him. But we know that the hand of the
Lord is watching over him. I'm so
thankful that we have a great God that
even in the midst of our prayers and us
interceding for his children, for his
wife, for our land—if my
people who are called by my name will
humble themselves and pray.
But there is a remnant of people that he
said, 'When this happens, I will hold
you to me, Brandon, in the cleft of
the rock.'I
believe
there's a lot of the remnant
watching right now, all 5,000 of you,
and
the Lord said to me, 'There's a
remnant, Brandon, and I will protect
them.'I
saw like a
bubble of hedge around and about them of
provision like we talked about last
night on the broadcast. The Lord
said, 'I will provide for you and
there'll be a supernatural provision.
Believe me for
big.'I
said, 'Lord, this goes
different from what you said last
night.'He
said, 'Who's your audience? To whom is
the word that I'm delivering
through
you?
You're talking to the
remnant
versus the ones that are stiff-necked and
have their heads up toward
me.'Two
different crowds.
Do you qualify for the blessing?
Do you qualify for the rock?
Are you His? That's what you have
to ask. Well, Brandon, this sounds totally
different than last night. Yes, because
it's to a different crowd.
Do you hear me? I really want Sister
Clipboard to hear me. I want you to hear
me right now. It's to a different crowd.
Don't email, 'Well, you're
stirring
up fear.'No, it's to
a different crowd. I'm speaking to
different people right now, and I don't
want to come across cranky, but I have
to get it across to you that some
of
you don't qualify for what's
coming:
the blessing
and the judgment shaking.
It's two different sides
of
a coin. It's very thin. What side
are you on? Are you sold out to God?
Does
your heart belong to Him?
Is your heart His
or is there a mixture in you? Are you so
much in the world that you're a Lot in
the midst of Sodom and Gomorrah, and you
don't even realize that Abraham's up
there interceding for you on the hilltop
saying, 'Listen, please get them out, angels!
Please, Lord, have mercy!'And he's saying,
'I'll let you get your relatives
out.'Listen
to me. Lot didn't know what was
coming. He only knew because of
Abraham's prayers. And there are many of
you right now that are Abrahams standing
on the hillside praying for your
relatives, praying for the family, and
they don't know what's coming. I know
there's a lot of you that are awake. I
know I have a lot of seasoned prayer
warriors on this channel
watching even right now, and you're up in
the middle of the night interceding at
almost 11 o'clock at night, Central
Time. You know there's an urgency
in the hour concerning New Year's Eve,
an urgency in the hour
concerning plagues and famine
and destructive things. You have
that inward alarm going off inside
of you going, 'Alert, alert,
alert.'That's
why you take this so seriously and
you're praying at this time of night.
But there are a lot of people
who
don't know what's coming.
The Lord said to me, 'I will shelter
my remnant.'Are you part of the remnant?
I have to ask you that because whenever
he showed me
this—as
I spoke, the Lord said,
'Say
it.'As
I spoke it, I delivered this word
as I was driving, and this black thing
that
looked like a mist formed in the car. It
was a sign. And the Lord said, 'As I
spoke the prophetic word out of my
mouth, it manifested on my
flesh.'I've
never felt anything like that
before in my life. It shook me.
I won't go into the detail of what I
felt,
but the Lord said it was a glimpse.
Woe unto you who have hidden sin in your
life.
Woe unto you!
There is coming a shaking to the church
like you would not believe. Judgment begins in
the house of the Lord first.
And the Lord specifically said to me,
'I'm hiding my remnant, Brandon,'and I
saw a dome like a shield on an
astronaut—a
shield was covered,
and I saw it pass by. He brought
it like it was with the plagues of Egypt
when the death angel passed by
for the
firstborn.
I'm not saying that it will be about
your firstborn, but it was a type and
shadow of something that is coming.
And I saw the remnant protected.
I saw a shaking to awakening like
you would not believe again for a major
revival and all the things. And it shook
me. This word shook me.
I felt
a shaking inside of myself.
He said, 'Humble
yourself underneath the mighty hand of
God.
If you don't humble yourself, He will
humble
you.'And
America, he said, 'You have been
weighed in the balance and you have been
found
lacking.'He
said this to me and he said, 'A
shaking's coming from your land, and
you'll be so thankful that you have
Trump.'I
saw he said a wound will
be inflicted but it will not be fatal,
but I saw a stiff-necked people that
their heads were bowed low afterwards,
and I saw their heads bowed down before
the Father in humility.
He said, 'I have made you
basically the crown jewel of the
world other than
Israel.'But
I saw
America was the envy of the world. He
said, 'I've blessed you above all the
nations. I've prospered you.
I've blessed you.
I've had my hand on you because of your
founding fathers.
But as a nation as a whole, you've
turned your back upon me
and your nose is
up toward me. Woe, America,'he said.
'But there is a remnant of you that I
will
shelter.'And
I saw a humbling coming.
I saw a great shaking coming.
It was heavy, wasn't it?
It's heavy to say it again.
And he said, 'Woe to the prophetic
voices
that have spoken to itching ears,
for too much is given, much is
required.'And
he said to me, 'Do not be like the
prophets in Jeremiah's time. Brandon,
say the things that are hard, even if
you're saying it alone.
For there are many men and women that
have become like those in Jeremiah's time, and
they're not delivering the words that
I've told them. They have an ear that is
trying to speak to itching
ears.'And
he said, 'This is a type and shadow
of
what happened in Jeremiah's
time.'He
was so
angry in his voice tone. It shook
me. I told D, 'I
feel like I'm going to be
melted.'After
it was over, I was trembling
about the prophetic voices.
He compared them to the prophets of
Jeremiah's time. He told me,
'They're not hearing me.
Say the hard
things.'Oh,
Brandon, that seems so prideful, all
the things you're saying. Who do you
think you are? I'm just a man
that has been told to say certain things
that are very hard for me to say, but I
fear God, not you. And if you don't
watch me anymore, goodbye. I don't care.
I'm trying to warn you what the Father
has told me to warn you tonight.
In
the next three years,
things will accelerate like you
are not going to believe.
I don't know what it is about this next
three, but he specifically said as of
tomorrow, in the next 24 hours,
things will accelerate.
It was such a strong word, wasn't it,
love?
As we were writing it down, Braden,
the whole atmosphere of the car was
charged. It was on me for hours
afterwards;
a mantle of the prophetic was on me
so strong. I told her,
'When that
comes on like that, I could see
the shaking coming
to
the
nations.'Have
I delivered it,
Babe?
Baby,
yes.
I need your help.
He said the heartland will even be
shaken.
He said even the
heartland—say
some of
this—he
said for even they said terror in the
heartland would be more sufficient than
even the crown jewel.
I could hear the terrorists talking. I
could hear Iran talking.
And they wanted to inflict fear upon our
land.
They said, 'It's time to
get the ball rolling.
It's time to
implement what we
know.'They
got their commands.
So we pray for the lands.
I'm
hearing some chatter.
I'm hearing generals talk.
It was very heavy.
So we pray for Homeland Security. We
pray for the FBI. We pray for our
people.
But the plague—I saw
this black plague of death.
It looked like a mist again.
But it looked kind of like the
Grim
Reaper. It
was tattered black,
like sackcloth, like
the fabric that is linen.
It looked like black linen
that was tattered,
this black being that I saw. It looked
like something out of a Halloween thing.
And as it moved across, I saw it and it
was released. I'm telling you, it was demonic. It looked scary. It was released.
It looked like black
gauze moving. And I stopped and I
froze. In fact, I told
her it was everything I
could do not to get sick all
over the car.
The moment I spoke it and saw it
and went into the spirit, I could see
this—it
was like black gauze.
I told her, 'What is
this?'and
all of a sudden, I went
into this travail and
I almost vomited all over the car.
I told her, 'I feel sick. I
have
to
stop.'All
of a sudden, I don't know
how to describe what happened because
it's never happened before. I pray it
never happens again.
It went from my esophagus to my
stomach—whatever
this was.
The Lord let me
have a glimpse of it.
I said, 'What is
this?'But
the Lord allowed me to see something
I
never wanted to see again.
It was terrible.
He said
they will believe it's
Ichabod.
They believe it, but I've never left
you and never forsaken you.
This is a humbling. He kept saying, 'This
is a
humbling.'There's
no urgency. Thank you,
Holy Ghost. He said, 'There's no urgency
in my church.
There's no urgency behind the pulpits
that
the coming of my Son is at hand.
From sea to shining sea all around this
world, there's not enough urgency,
for I am coming
swiftly.'And
this will bring forth the urgency
that is required
for what you're about to see. That's
what he said. There's no urgency. People
said, 'Well, you're
yelling.'Yes,
because he was yelling.
Get over it.
You're too wimpy. You don't
have a backbone.
And for what's coming, you're going to
get a backbone.
You've
got a bunch of spineless, skinny-jeans,
and fog-machine
people up in here,
and you're going to get a backbone or
you're going to fall away. The great
falling away is coming. You're going to
go, 'Oh, dear God, what did I truly
believe?'Christianity
today is weak.
You come against hard times, you
come against things, and you think God's
abandoning you.
Most people couldn't live half of what
I've lived.
My life has been hard.
But every single time, I
always stay on God's side.
Oh, Brandon, what have you been through?
You don't even have a clue.
I've given you a little glimpse into our
life.
Most of you walk on cupcakes and
rainbows compared to what it
takes
to be refined.
I
walk a very tightrope. That's why
I stay to myself. I told D, I feel
I would be more reclusive than I've ever
been.
I feel I should just do this
and be reclusive. I don't want
anybody in my circle. Stay away from me
because I want to hear him. That's how
serious these things are right now.
This is not church as usual. This is
church unusual. And the church is going
to wake up, folks.
'Well, I've heard you say that.'Oh, woe
unto you who mock.
I pray you make it through
the storm that's coming.
I've never heard him speak the way he's
been speaking.
It's different,
isn't it?
As he shows me the faces of the
prophetic people, he's disgusted.
He said, 'They're a stench before my
nose.
They truly believe they're hearing me.
They truly believe they're speaking for
me.'And
he said, 'They're far from
me.'He
said, 'They're a stench before me,
for they're not warning my people of the
signs of the times.
They're giving itching-ear
prophecies.'It
was a very strong word.
I said I need somebody
to
judge this word.
I was sitting there, I
didn't
know who to call
because most of them don't want to hear
it.
I was shook.
I was
waiting for it. When you
were there, I felt the atmosphere and I
listened
to him. As I'm
driving down the road and I'm praying in
the spirit over the city,
I
have such an urgency today. And I told
her, 'Something is going
on.'When
Father spoke, He shook our car.
He shook me.
It's pages long:
instruction for our ministry,
instruction for the days ahead.
I deliver it with a
heavy heart. I deliver it
with awe, fear, and reverence to Him.
Did I say enough?
You're the only ones that can help me.
What do you think?
Did I deliver enough?
He said, 'We strike in the
finances.'He
talked about finances,
natural disasters,
politics, and war.
But He said He would humble people to
their knees and, at the same time,
He said their heads will bow before
Him.
He said, 'Your heads are stuck up towards
Me,
but when these things take place, their
heads will bow before
Me.'That's
what He said.
They will no longer be stuck up; they
will be down.
But it's a choice.
So thank God for you who are the
remnant, because that's not to you.
You're His.
I deliver to the
masses. For those who are on
the Lord's
side—just
like Moses and the ones who took the
blood and put it upon the door and on their
windows—they
were
protected. They took the anointing oil
and applied it to
their doorpost and to their
children, and the firstborns were safe.
It's a type and shadow of what I'm trying
to tell you.
Provision was provided. He took care of
them. Their clothes didn't tear up
and
their shoes were good. They always had a
cloud by day and a fire by night.
The manna came and took care of them.
God's chosen people—the ones He hid,
the remnant—He
watched over. And I saw He
said, 'I will hide you in the cleft of
that rock, my people. I
will shelter you,
watch over you, and provide
for you.'So
for
those who are here tonight and
you're His and He is yours,
there's a covenant there. He said,
'I will protect you through these
storms.
I will watch over
you and provide for you. Just
like the raven came and provided for
Elijah, He will take care of
you.'This
isn't about you;
this is about a major revival that's
about to take place and a cleansing of
the
house. He said, 'Do
you not understand First Corinthians
5:5?'First
Corinthians 5:5 is very serious.
You talked about New Orleans being a big
hotspot
for terror. He said New Orleans is
a big hotspot for terrorism because of
the satanic strongholds there.
They just want to get the ball
rolling.
The terrorists and other
countries, because they want Taiwan and
Ukraine,
want
to bring terror upon the eagle
to bring mass chaos and confusion upon
your land. A great humbling is
coming upon the land, for you have
turned
your nose up toward Me and the very
protection that I have provided for you.
You
don't even realize the covering that
I have brought. I have held you in the
cleft
of the rock; I have held you
at
arm's length from the terror. I have
protected you, America,
but you will be wounded
and it will grieve Me greatly.
Will you turn your back upon Me as
you grieve? He said, 'It will grieve Me greatly.'All that is about to take
place is grieving to the Spirit. But He said, 'In the grieving,
will you turn your back upon Me
for all
that you're about to
see?'I
read to them about how
He said He held America in the cleft of
the rock and held them at arm's
length from the terror.
He said, 'But now I'm removing My hand
concerning these things.
You have turned your
head from Me, and now I'm removing My
hand concerning these
things.'He
said, 'I've held you in that
cleft
for so long, but I'm
removing
it.'He
said, 'You have been the envy of the
world because you turned
your face to Me at one time, but now you
have detached yourself from the vine,
and a great shaking will bring you to
your
knees.'You
have detached yourself from the
vine.
What He considers 'sold out'and
what you
consider 'sold
out'are
two totally
different things.
What you consider 'on fire'is what He
considers lukewarm.
You don't know what it's truly like to
be on fire.
You think that everything's
okay—eating,
drinking,
and
chilling—but
you're far from Him. You
aren't
right, and that's what the Lord
was saying.
The way He talks is not the way Brandon
talks. I listen back to the way He
flows
and I go,
'Whoa.'You
can take it for what it's
worth:
put it on a
shelf, throw it in the
trash, or say I'm false.
But at least I can say I warned you.
Your blood is not on my hands anymore.
I warn you with a heavy
heart, just like He said this is heavy
for Him.
He said, 'Will you reject Me when all
these things take
place?'Correction
and
judgment come to the house of the Lord
first.
When He gave me the word
for 2026 and said First Corinthians 5:5, I
thought, 'That's
rough.'Then
He showed me more.
I deliver it.
Did we say everything?
I mean,
you said there would
be attacks
on the churches and stuff, but
yeah, you got
it.
Let's take communion and
pray.
I know that's heavy,
but
there's a
lot of you this does not qualify for. There
is
a lot of you that are a remnant,
the ones on fire,
seeking Him.
I deliver it to the masses.
So, if it qualifies for you and
you feel a shaking inside,
you're probably
awake.
It's the people who are not awake—the
ones
not
seeking Him and
hungry—who
don't care.
You're just a
small
fraction of the people
around this world.
You're smart enough to watch
and pray, but
billions
are asleep.
He's not talking to you, church;
you're the remnant He's hiding
in the rock.
He's talking to the
ones who are asleep and living like the
world in Sodom and Gomorrah.
There's no urgency about His Son's
return. So, is He talking to you? I
doubt that very seriously.
He's talking, but I have to deliver the
word. Does that make sense? I'm
not trying to scare you. I'm
trying to prepare you and I'm trying to
tell you what he said. To you that
are awake, thank you for being
here and thank you for
listening. It's not easy to say this
stuff, but I'm trying to tell you what
he's saying.
Glory to God.
Fear God, not man, Brandon.
I know.
At least you all know.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body
that was broken for us.
I thank you, Father, for all that you've
done for every single one of us. And as
we go into these next three
years—you
keep talking about
2028—I
thank you, Father, for the
shaking to the waking. I thank you,
Lord, that we are going to be. He said
they're coming in hot. He brought
that up, too. He said they're coming
hot. Brandon, be ready for all the
people that are going to flood.
But then he said, 'Don't take a
census.'David
took a census, church, and he
started counting his numbers. Don't take
census, churches.
Don't get caught up in the numbers. He
warned about that. He said
that
census is pride; keep yourself
humble. Keep yourself vertical.
Don't worry about all the people that
are coming. Churches,
pastors, don't brag about how big your
church is going to get. The people are
coming and they're there for him.
Just be ready for the harvest, church.
Be ready, remnant. They're looking for
help.
Be ready for the babies that are coming,
church. The babies are coming. Be
patient with the babies that are coming.
They're coming; they'll come in fast.
What will you do with the babies? How
will you handle the babies, church?
Remnant,
what will you do with them? How will you
treat them? They don't know,
but they're coming in. The Lord said,
'And don't get arrogant by your growth.
Keep humble before the Father and he
will exalt you in due time. Humble
yourself underneath the mighty hand of
the Lord.
Keep your head low.
Know that you're
his.'But
he will not share his glory with
anyone. That
came
right out; I heard it
right then.
You know,
the gifts and the callings of the
Lord are without repentance. There
are
giftings that have been distributed to
the people right now as we speak. Those
seeds of impartation are growing up
outside of you right now. You're going
to start to see the fruit of the seed
that went deep inside of you.
You're going to see it, for it has
sprung
forth a great tree in the spirit realm,
and you're about to see the fruit of the
hard labor, the sacrifice, and
all of the tears and
the intercessory prayer that you've
prayed for; and all
the cultivation is going
to spring forth great fruit in your life
for these end times.
He's talking to you, church, you
remnant.
I see great mantles of the glory of God
getting ready to be poured out on you.
And it's just like what we're talking
about. Don't you know it's just Jesus?
Don't you see it? It's just Jesus.
You have been called and you have been
chosen for such a time as this. Are you
ready for what's about to take place?
For they're coming in hot.
Have yourself ready. That's why I say,
'Are you
ready?'Get
your house ready. Get
your house in order. Get ready. Humble
yourself underneath the mighty hand of
God,
church. He's looking for people who
would just say yes.
And those are on this channel. There are
a lot of you. You say, 'Yes,
I'm here. Here am I, Lord. Send me.
Purify me. Create in me a clean
heart.'Thank
you, Lord.
You have to ask yourself, 'Is this word
for me?
Am I his?
Is he
mine?'There's
a difference between prophetic
words and who it's for. But each one of
them is delivered
the same way,
basically—the
good ones and the bad ones.
I would say it's all good because
it comes from him. But I'm just saying there are
some you
want to hear
versus
others.
All of them are beautiful.
The blessing is beautiful.
Correction is beautiful.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body
that was broken for us.
I
thank you, Lord, for all
that you've done for us.
We are yours and you are ours.
We're in covenant with you. And we
humble ourselves underneath the mighty hand
of God. We keep our head low before you,
Father, and we sit at your throne. And
we are joint heirs with you. And we're
bold. We come boldly, but
we're humble because we stay vertical.
We're not low and beat down.
I'm not talking about feeling whipped
like a bad child. I'm
talking about being humble in your heart. Instead
of having
an attitude of being arrogant,
be humble. Be
broken before the Father.
He's a good God that loves you. And
Father, we take this body right now in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've
done and all that you continue to do. We
thank you, Father, that we're in that
cleft
of the rock today.
We thank you, Lord, for healing and
deliverance over our bodies. We thank
you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're
healed. We thank you, Father, for a
good 2026 as we get ready to
receive the biggest harvest this world
has ever seen before. We position
ourselves
for the harvest
and we get ready to receive the people
coming from the back
left field.
We take this body right
now in Jesus'name. Lord, we take the
blood and we apply the blood. We apply
the blood over our households. We apply
the blood over us and we thank you, Lord,
for the blood. We thank you for the
blood, Father. And we make much of the
blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we plead the blood over the
crown jewel. We pray it over all of it.
As this guy comes in tomorrow
night,
woe to you, New York.
Woe to you in the way you voted, New
York,
bringing a Muslim socialist over your
land. Woe to you, New York.
It's a stench before the Father.
Woe to you, New York.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the
blood. We pray, Father, over Oklahoma
and over Texas and over all the areas
that we try so hard even with
the politics that we have to remain
godly.
Father, we keep our eyes on you and we
thank you, Father, for even the
heartland; this will be a
place of refuge in the end. Father,
we
have great revival here.
Thank you, Father, for the mass migration
of people. You said in the days ahead
a great shaking to awaken is coming. And
we thank you, Lord, for churches that are
rising up and will be the light and the
saltiness.
We thank you, Father, that the
salty churches will bring the people to
drink from the living water.
Lord, we thank you, Lord, that your son
is coming soon.
He's standing at the door. And Father, I
thank you, Father, that we are ready and
we're seeking you and we have our eyes
toward you. And we're so grateful for
all that you've done and all that you
continue to do. And we take this blood
right now in Jesus'name. And we thank
you, Lord.
We make much of the blood. Thank you,
Father.
After delivering that, Diana, I don't
know where to even go with it
because it was so heavy in here.
I feel
it. It's not as strong as what it was in
the car, but it's very intense.
We reverence a holy God.
It's not about politics. It's not about
red versus blue; it's about Jesus.
Jesus, come quickly.
Maranatha,
Lord,
we want you to come so soon.
Jesus, come quickly.
Oh Father, we long to be with you,
and there are so many people that need
you. Help us to be more of the light.
Help us to be that salt.
You told us we are
salt,
but don't let us lose our saltiness.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
anointed us for such a time as this,
that we stand out in the
places.
You said, 'If I be lifted up, I'll draw
all men unto
me.'We
lift you up.
We magnify you. We glorify you, for you
are good and your mercy endures forever.
We don't take a census of anything;
we keep our eyes on you and we keep
ourselves
humble before you.
For you are good and
your mercy endures forever through 2025. You
are
good and your mercy endures
forever in 2026,
2027, and 2028,
for your goodness and mercy
endure
forever.
Father, America will remain a sheep
nation. We will not be a goat nation,
for seed time and harvest will
accelerate. You said the
sowers
and the reapers
will go hand in hand
and it will be on the just and the
unjust.
But seed time and harvest doesn't just
have to do with money.
You said, 'Brandon, the seeds you have
sowed in the past will come to harvest
at last, good and
bad.'Repent
of the bad seeds.
Repent of the bad seeds. Plead the blood
over them.
Cry out for mercy on them.
I saw it so clear;
cry out for mercy. Seed time and harvest
doesn't cease. Whatsoever a man
sows,
that will he also reap. We ask for
mercy over the bad seeds. Father, for the
ones that are here tonight, we cry out
for mercy.
We thank you, Father, that your grace is
sufficient for
us.
Help us to be that light in the
darkness.
Woe to the itching
ears that are always looking for
something else.
Correction
is
good. He corrects those he
loves. You spoiled child,
you stiff-necked kid,
you're going to be humbled before him.
Spare the rod and spoil the child; it's
biblical, too.
I plead the blood over us. Thank you,
Lord, for your covering over our family.
Thank you, Lord, for your blood that
covers us, and that the anointing of the
Holy Ghost flows in us so strong.
Father, the people will see the
glory on us like they saw it on
Moses'face.
Father,
pour out your spirit upon us just like
you did for Moses.
Father,
we thank you, Lord, for our supernatural
provision that you provide for us so that
we will be ready to do what you
want us to do. Father, we
are
that remnant that has their picture
ready to show the goodness of God.
When correction
comes,
Father, we humble ourselves before you.
We bow down and worship the King of
Kings and the Lord of Lords,
bowing down before thee.
Hallelujahs
ringing.
Hallelujah. Amen.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Songs
of
praise and we adore thee,
bowing
down before thee.
Hallelujah
is ringing.
We worship and adore you,
bowing down before you.
Songs
of
praises
singing,
Hallelujah
ringing.
Hallelujah.
We
worship
and
adore thee,
bowing
down
before thee.
Songs of praises singing, Hallelujahs ringing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. We praise and we adore thee, bowing down before thee. We humble ourselves before you, for we praise you. We adore thee. We bow down before thee. Hallelujah. Amen. We humble ourselves before you, Father. We touch not the anointed; we touch not what belongs to you. We praise you. We adore you. We bow down before you, Lord. Father, we praise and we adore thee,
bowing down before you. Songs of praise are singing, Hallelujah ringing. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh Father, we worship and adore you, bowing down before you. Songs of praise are singing, Hallelujah ringing. Hallelujah. 'Tis so sweet to trust in Jesus, just to take him at his word. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust you. God, we reverence you, Father. We sit before a holy God. We praise you, Father. We adore thee, bowing down before thee, songs
and praises singing.
His presence is so sweet.
Thank you, Father,
for your hands on us.
Thank you, Father, for this year.
As we get ready to close out this year,
we're so grateful.
We're so grateful
through the storms,
through the trials,
and
through the pressure.
You've been with us the whole way.
You've been on the boat.
You've never abandoned us.
You've always been there.
Through the tears
and
through the joy,
you've been there.
Even whenever I felt you weren't there,
you were there
in the darkness and the light.
Thank you
for 2025.
Thank you that we had a whole
year.
So many people didn't get to live that
full year out; they went home early.
Thank you, Father, that we're still
here,
that we have the opportunity from
our mouths and our lungs to give you
praise.
Thank you, Father, that we have the
opportunity today to not let the
rocks cry out.
For you said
that if we don't praise you, the rocks
will
cry out.
Father, we will not let a rock do our job.
We
praise you,
we adore you,
and
we bow
down before you.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
We praise you
and we adore thee,
bowing
down
before you
with holy hands
we lift up high.
And with our hands lifted high,
we will worship the King.
With our heads lifted high to the
sky,
when
the world wonders why, we'll just
tell them we're loving our King. With our hands lifted high, we will worship and sing.
With our hands lifted high, we come before you rejoicing.
We'll just tell them we're
loving our King.
Thank
you,
Father,
for this
beautiful year.
You gave us another day
on this planet.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've
done for us. Thank you, Lord, for this
channel and for these people.
Thank you, Father, that you
have so much more planned for us in
and
2027. Father,
we want to make you proud.
Help us, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that we humble
ourselves before you this year. We
are
so grateful.
We thank you for America. We thank you
for President Trump;
protect him, Father, and give him
wisdom.
We thank you, Lord, for the
churches represented here,
and that there will be a major
move of God in this nation once again
for one last harvest, one last push for
all the unsaved people.
Father,
you don't
want that any should perish, but all come
to repentance.
We thank you, Lord, that you are
coming soon, and as
you said,
you don't want that
any
should perish,
but
all come to repentance.
Father, let this be the generation
that does not taste death,
that we will see the coming
of the Lord Jesus Christ soon.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father,
that the blinders on the
unbelievers'eyes
are being
stripped off right now in the name of
Jesus. Satan, get your hands off of our
unsaved loved ones.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
according to Ephesians, the
eyes of their understanding would be
enlightened.
And I thank you, Father, that all
unsaved loved ones—husbands, wives,
sons, daughters, grandparents, aunts,
uncles—we
call them into the saving
knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. We
call them out of the pit of
hell. We thank you, Lord Father, that
they will have a saving knowledge of
Jesus. I call laborers across their path
right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that they have a heart
to receive
and they will be ready for some to plant,
some to water, and some to bring forth the
increase.
I thank you, Father, that we plant, we
water, and we bring forth the increase
of the souls of
men.
We thank you, Lord, that every single one
of them will get born again in
Jesus'name.
We will see the greatest
harvest of souls this world has ever
seen in 2026.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that as for
me and my house, we'll serve you with all
our hearts, with big shrimp boats
casting our nets out into the
Gulf, and we're going to
bring them in by the
netfuls.
Not just by pools anymore, but by
the netfuls. Give us an anointing for
harvest, a soul-winning anointing in
Jesus'name.
A soul-winning anointing.
Father, I thank you, Lord, to bring in the
greatest harvest that we'll be known for,
all to the glory of God. We're
anointed to get people saved in a way
the world is not familiar with, all to
the glory of God.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that
you chose us and you called us for
such a time as this.
You could have picked anybody,
but Father, we thank you.
We're so thankful.
We're so thankful
for all that you've done and all you
continue to do. And we plead the blood
of Jesus over us in this time of prayer
tonight.
And we give you praise for it.
We call them in. We thank you for the
healings
and
demonstrations and manifestations of the
glory on each one of them, Father, that
they'll not go into 2026 sick in body
at all with flu, stomach bugs,
heart disease, diabetes, or all
kinds of things that the flesh does.
We thank you, Lord, that they're healed
and whole and well in Jesus'name. From
the top of their head to the soles of
their feet,
we call them delivered. We call
children, supernatural children in
Jesus'name,
that this will be a year of
childbirth.
Call them in.
And we pray over these mothers and
fathers that are believing
for
babies, that we pray over their womb,
over the seed, over the egg. And we
thank you for the harvest. We thank you
that they are able to
conceive, not only to conceive but to
hold that baby full term, nothing
missing, nothing broken. We call health
and healing over the woman's body and over
the man's body. We pray health and
healing over the fallopian tubes, over
all of the mother's womb,
and we call her pregnancy full
term. Her vine will not cast its fruit
before its time. We thank you for an
easy childbirth. We call it easy
childbirth.
Even through the pregnancy,
there's no morning sickness, no nausea,
no indigestion, none of these
ailments that plague
some pregnant mothers. We thank you that
they walk in divine healing and
health and that, just like the children
of Israel walked through the land
without their feet
getting tired or their clothes getting
worn out, we thank you that
their
ankles didn't swell. We thank you that
they do not have their ankles swell in
the name of Jesus. And we call forth
these babies for them to have
effortless
childbirth
and no
postpartum
depression. We thank you for perfect
Apgar
scores on these babies when they're
born, that they will be healthy, well,
and no kind of sickness; their
hearts, everything, every body part on
that baby we call healthy, whole, and
healed, nothing missing, nothing broken.
We call peace over these
parents'minds.
We thank you that they cast their cares
on you and that they trust you and they
know that you have your hand on them and
that you have your hand over these
families and that as they say, 'As
for me and my house, we will serve the
Lord,'and
they raise these children up
the way that they should go, that when
they grow older they will not depart in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for it.
It will be a supernatural time.
Supernatural.
Thank you, Lord.
When you have your children and you
conceive, tell us it will be. We rejoice
with you. We believe that this will be a
year of great
harvest time.
Yes,
harvest time, church. It's time. We
occupy until He comes.
Thank you, Lord, for your healings.
Thank you, Lord, for the deliverances.
Thank you, Lord, Father, for drawing
the people close to you, Father, that
their hearts are pliable and
that they have great days
ahead of them, heaven on earth
in
their marriages and their children.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
faith works by love.
We thank you, Lord, that faith works by
love and we keep love priority in our
households. No matter what we see, no
matter what we feel, we put love
first place. Love never fails.
Love never fails.
And we're so grateful for it.
Love takes no account of a suffered
wrong
because faith works by love. We keep
love priority in our households in
Jesus'name.
And everyone say amen and amen.
I know that was kind of a different time
of prayer, but it sure was beautiful.
It was.
I'm so grateful for His presence.
It's refreshing.
We pray the video blessed you tonight. If
you're here tonight and you've never asked
Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal Savior, it would be so sad to
go through a video like this and you
don't know Him.
If you're here tonight, there's over
6,000 of you here. If you don't know
Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal
Savior,
I ask you: do you want to know Him?
He's knocking on the door of your heart
right now. He's knocking on the door of
your heart and He is knocking.
'Will you let me
in?'Tonight,
if you've never asked Jesus to
be your Lord and personal Savior and you
want to, we want to say a simple
prayer.
'Well, Brandon, He'll never want me.
He'll never let me in.'No, He's no
respecter
of persons and
He is an ever-present help in a time of need. He
is at your door right now,
calling for you. He's calling for you
right now as we speak. 'Will you come
home? Will you let me in?'And if you
feel that stirring on the inside of you
right now and you feel that tug on
your heart, that still small voice
telling you 'come
home,'don't
deny Him. Don't sit and be
stubborn.
Yield.
Come home to the Father tonight.
We welcome you home.
I want to say a simple prayer, but I
want you to put in the comment section
right now, 'I want to be saved.'I want
you to tell the people
if this is calling you, if you feel that
tug at your heart right now and you
want to come to Jesus Christ tonight, I
want to say a simple prayer for you. But
Jesus died for you publicly, so I want
you to be public about your decision
tonight. Say, 'Tonight, Brandon, I want
to be saved.'I want you to tell the
people; we're going to pray for you right
now.
Do not take this time for granted. No
one knows the day or the hour when the
Son of Man returns. No one does. He
could come back at any time. But I'm
going to tell you, you want to be on
that boat. And tonight's your night to
make sure your name is written in that
Lamb's Book of Life. Don't take this
time for granted.
You may not have another opportunity.
This may be your last moment. You might
die after this video. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father, that the blinders on the unbelievers'eyes are being stripped off right now in the name of Jesus. Satan, get your hands off of our unsaved loved ones. Father, I thank you, Lord, that according to Ephesians, the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened. And I thank you, Father, that all unsaved loved ones—husbands, wives, sons, daughters, grandparents, aunts, uncles—we call them into the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. We call them out of the pit of hell. We thank you, Lord Father, that they will have a saving knowledge of Jesus. I call laborers across their path right now in the name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that they have a heart to receive and they will be ready for some to plant, some to water, and some to bring forth the increase. I thank you, Father, that we plant, we water, and we bring forth the increase of the souls of men. We thank you, Lord, that every single one of them will get born again in Jesus'name. We will see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen in 2026. Father, we thank you, Lord, that as for me and my house, we'll serve you with all our hearts, with big shrimp boats casting our nets out into the Gulf, and we're going to bring them in by the netfuls. Not just by pools anymore, but by the netfuls. Give us an anointing for harvest, a soul-winning anointing in Jesus'name. A soul-winning anointing. Father, I thank you, Lord, to bring in the greatest harvest that we'll be known for, all to the glory of God. We're anointed to get people saved in a way the world is not familiar with, all to the glory of God. Father, I thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, that you chose us and you called us for such a time as this. You could have picked anybody, but Father, we thank you. We're so thankful. We're so thankful for all that you've done and all you continue to do. And we plead the blood of Jesus over us in this time of prayer tonight. And we give you praise for it. We call them in. We thank you for the healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory on each one of them, Father, that they'll not go into 2026 sick in body at all with flu, stomach bugs, heart disease, diabetes, or all kinds of things that the flesh does. We thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in Jesus'name. From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, we call them delivered. We call children, supernatural children in Jesus'name, that this will be a year of childbirth. Call them in. And we pray over these mothers and fathers that are believing for babies, that we pray over their womb, over the seed, over the egg. And we thank you for the harvest. We thank you that they are able to conceive, not only to conceive but to hold that baby full term, nothing missing, nothing broken. We call health and healing over the woman's body and over the man's body. We pray health and healing over the fallopian tubes, over all of the mother's womb, and we call her pregnancy full term. Her vine will not cast its fruit before its time. We thank you for an easy childbirth. We call it easy childbirth. Even through the pregnancy, there's no morning sickness, no nausea, no indigestion, none of these ailments that plague some pregnant mothers. We thank you that they walk in divine healing and health and that, just like the children of Israel walked through the land without their feet getting tired or their clothes getting worn out, we thank you that their ankles didn't swell. We thank you that they do not have their ankles swell in the name of Jesus. And we call forth these babies for them to have effortless childbirth and no postpartum depression. We thank you for perfect Apgar scores on these babies when they're born, that they will be healthy, well, and no kind of sickness; their hearts, everything, every body part on that baby we call healthy, whole, and healed, nothing missing, nothing broken. We call peace over these parents'minds. We thank you that they cast their cares on you and that they trust you and they know that you have your hand on them and that you have your hand over these families and that as they say, 'As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord,'and they raise these children up the way that they should go, that when they grow older they will not depart in Jesus'name. We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for it. It will be a supernatural time. Supernatural. Thank you, Lord. When you have your children and you conceive, tell us it will be. We rejoice with you. We believe that this will be a year of great harvest time. Yes, harvest time, church. It's time. We occupy until He comes. Thank you, Lord, for your healings. Thank you, Lord, for the deliverances. Thank you, Lord, Father, for drawing the people close to you, Father, that their hearts are pliable and that they have great days ahead of them, heaven on earth in their marriages and their children. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that faith works by love. We thank you, Lord, that faith works by love and we keep love priority in our households. No matter what we see, no matter what we feel, we put love first place. Love never fails. Love never fails. And we're so grateful for it. Love takes no account of a suffered wrong because faith works by love. We keep love priority in our households in Jesus'name. And everyone say amen and amen. I know that was kind of a different time of prayer, but it sure was beautiful. It was. I'm so grateful for His presence. It's refreshing. We pray the video blessed you tonight. If you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, it would be so sad to go through a video like this and you don't know Him. If you're here tonight, there's over 6,000 of you here. If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, I ask you: do you want to know Him? He's knocking on the door of your heart right now. He's knocking on the door of your heart and He is knocking. 'Will you let me in?'Tonight, if you've never asked Jesus to be your Lord and personal Savior and you want to, we want to say a simple prayer. 'Well, Brandon, He'll never want me. He'll never let me in.'No, He's no respecter of persons and He is an ever-present help in a time of need. He is at your door right now, calling for you. He's calling for you right now as we speak. 'Will you come home? Will you let me in?'And if you feel that stirring on the inside of you right now and you feel that tug on your heart, that still small voice telling you 'come home,'don't
deny Him. Don't sit and be stubborn. Yield. Come home to the Father tonight. We welcome you home. I want to say a simple prayer, but I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved.'I want you to tell the people if this is calling you, if you feel that tug at your heart right now and you want to come to Jesus Christ tonight, I want to say a simple prayer for you. But Jesus died for you publicly, so I want you to be public about your decision tonight. Say, 'Tonight, Brandon, I want to be saved.'I want you to tell the people; we're going to pray for you right now. Do not take this time for granted. No one knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man returns. No one does. He could come back at any time. But I'm going to tell you, you want to be on that boat. And
tonight's your night to make sure your name is written in that Lamb's Book of Life. Don't take this time for granted. You may not have another opportunity. This may be your last moment. You might die after this video. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father, that the blinders on the unbelievers'eyes are being stripped off right now in the name
of Jesus. Satan, get your hands off of our unsaved loved ones. Father, I thank you, Lord, that according to Ephesians, the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened. And I thank you, Father, that all unsaved loved ones—husbands, wives, sons, daughters, grandparents, aunts, uncles—we call them into the saving knowledge of the Lord
Jesus Christ. We call them out of the pit of hell. We thank
you, Lord Father, that they will have a saving knowledge of
Jesus. I call
laborers
across their
path
right now
in
the name
of
Jesus. We
thank you,
Lord, that they have a heart to receive and
they will be ready for some to plant,
some to water, and some to bring forth
the increase. I thank you, Father, that we plant,
we water, and we bring forth the increase
of the souls of men. We thank you,
Lord,
that
every
single
one
of
them
will
get
born again in Jesus'name. We will see the greatest harvest of souls
this world has ever seen in 2026. Father, we thank
you, Lord, that as for me and my house, we'll serve you with all our hearts, with big shrimp boats casting our nets out into the Gulf, and we're going to bring
them in by the netfuls. Not just by pools anymore, but by the netfuls. Give us an anointing for harvest, a soul-winning anointing in Jesus'name. A soul-winning anointing. Father, I
thank you, Lord, to bring in the greatest harvest that we'll be known for, all to the glory of God. We're anointed to get people saved in a way the world is not familiar with, all to the glory of God. Father, I thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, that you chose us
and you called us for such a time as this. You could have picked anybody, but Father, we thank you. We're so thankful. We're so thankful for all that you've done and all you continue to do. And we plead the blood of Jesus over us in this time of prayer
tonight. And we
give you
praise for it.
We call
them in. We
thank you
for the
healings and demonstrations
and manifestations
of the glory
on each
one of them,
Father, that
they'll not
go into 2026 sick in body at all with flu, stomach bugs, heart disease, diabetes, or all kinds of things that the flesh does. We thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in Jesus'name. From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, we call them delivered. We call children, supernatural children in Jesus'name, that this will be a year of childbirth. Call them in. And we pray over these mothers and fathers that are believing for babies, that we pray over their womb, over the seed, over the egg. And we thank you for the harvest. We thank you that they are able to conceive, not only to conceive but to hold that baby full term, nothing missing, nothing broken. We call health and healing over the woman's body and over the man's body. We pray health and healing over the fallopian tubes, over all of the mother's womb, and we call her pregnancy full term. Her vine will not cast its fruit before its time. We thank you for an easy childbirth. We call it easy childbirth. Even through the pregnancy, there's no morning sickness, no nausea, no indigestion, none of these ailments that plague some pregnant mothers. We thank you that they walk in divine healing and health and that, just like the children of Israel walked through the land without their feet getting tired or their clothes getting worn out, we thank you that their ankles didn't swell. We thank you that they do not have their ankles swell in the name of Jesus. And we call forth these babies for them to have effortless childbirth and no postpartum depression. We thank you for perfect Apgar scores on these babies when they're born, that they will be healthy, well, and no kind of sickness; their hearts, everything, every body part on that baby we call healthy,
whole, and healed, nothing missing, nothing broken. We call peace over these parents'minds. We thank you that they cast their cares on you and that they trust you and they know that you have your hand on them and that you have your hand over these families and that as they say, 'As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord,'and they raise these children up the way that they should go, that when they grow older they will not depart in Jesus'name. We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for it. It will be a supernatural time. Supernatural. Thank you, Lord. When you have your children and you conceive, tell us it will be. We rejoice with you. We believe that this will be a year of great harvest time. Yes, harvest time, church. It's time. We occupy until He comes. Thank you, Lord, for your healings. Thank you, Lord, for the deliverances. Thank you, Lord, Father, for drawing the people close to you, Father, that their hearts are pliable and that they have great days ahead of them, heaven on earth in their marriages and their children. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that faith works by love. We thank you, Lord, that faith works by love and we keep love priority in our households. No matter what we see, no matter what we feel, we put love first place. Love never fails. Love never fails. And we're so grateful for it. Love takes no account of a suffered wrong because faith works by love. We keep love priority in our households in Jesus'name. And everyone say amen and amen. I know that was kind of a different time of prayer, but it sure was beautiful. It was. I'm so grateful for His presence. It's refreshing. We pray the video blessed you tonight. If you're here tonight and
you've never
asked
Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior,
it would be so sad to go
through a video like this and you don't know Him. If you're here tonight, there's over 6,000 of you here. If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, I ask you: do you
want to know Him? He's knocking on the door of
your heart right now. He's knocking on the door of your heart and He is knocking. 'Will you let me in?'Tonight, if you've never asked Jesus to be your Lord and personal Savior and you want to, we want to say a simple prayer. 'Well, Brandon, He'll never want me. He'll never let me in.'No, He's no respecter of persons and He is an ever-present help in a time of need. He is at your door right now, calling for you. He's calling for you right now as we speak. 'Will you come home? Will you let me in?'And if you feel that stirring on the inside of you right now and you feel that tug on your heart, that still small voice telling you 'come home,'don't deny Him. Don't sit and be stubborn.
Yield. Come home to the Father
tonight. We welcome you home. I want to say a simple prayer, but I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved.'I want you to tell the people if this is calling you, if you feel that tug at your heart right now and you want to come to Jesus Christ tonight, I want to say a simple prayer for you. But Jesus died for you publicly, so I want you to be public about your decision tonight. Say, 'Tonight, Brandon, I want to be saved.'I want you to tell the people; we're going to pray for you right now. Do not take this time for granted. No one knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man returns. No one does. He could come back at any time. But I'm going to tell you, you want to be on that boat. And tonight's your night
to
make
sure
your name is written in that Lamb's Book of Life. Don't take this
time for granted. You may not have another opportunity. This may be
your
last
moment.
You
might
die
after
this video.
Talking about
the Civil War,
Granny had stuff she
saved—like
tinfoil—from
the Great Depression. The
Great Depression affected her greatly,
and she saved tinfoil; she wouldn't
spend anything. The
Great Depression messed her up in the
1930s.
It was bad;
it never left her.
She would only take a sponge bath
because she was too scared to run the
water. She would fill up a pot of
water and take a sponge bath
every time she bathed. She'd never
take a full bath to fill the tub or
take a shower; she'd just take a sponge
and run it down her body. She did
that for the rest of her life. As
a generation,
we don't know
how bad the Great Depression
was. They would eat possum. She would
tell us she'd eat the possums and
black crows; they would
kill the black crows to make black crow
pie, and they would kill and eat the cooked possum.
That's how they lived.
That's where she learned to dig
stuff out of the ditch and survive
because the Great Depression was so bad.
They were very poor.
She said they made dresses and clothes for
the kids out of flour
sacks;
her parents would sew
them.
It was rough, and that's why the
Lord says
another Great Depression is coming.
When I see how it affected her, I
realize
this generation has no clue.
The things He said today shook me to
even talk about it.
I pray things get
changed around
quickly.
Happy birthday, Elizabeth!
It
is officially her
birthday.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to
you, happy birthday, dear Elizabeth.
Poke
salad was poisonous if it wasn't
fixed right, too.
Really?
Wow, I didn't know. Thanks for
telling us now.
She isn't here to test
it;
I guess she fixed it right.
Is that what happened to Grandpa?
Oh, that's sad.
We thought it
was a heart attack. Did she do it on
purpose?
What if that's the truth?
Oh, look, she says, 'My
great-great-great-grandmother
was Maria
Woodworth-Etter.'Whoa,
now that's a flex!
Angel,
that's cool;
you have a cool bloodline.
My
great-great-grandpa
on
that
side
died
in his 60s.
And if that's the truth, what did she do?
She says she is crying
so hard.
I figured
Grandpa English went home. What happened
to Grandpa? Granny did it; she didn't cook
her greens.
What do you do with that?
A lot of people would
literally freak out if they didn't have
their phones. They wouldn't know what to
do.
I look at my phone all throughout the
day and I don't even know what I'm
looking at.
I look at it and go, 'Why?'Sometimes the
Lord asks, 'What are you looking
for?'We
need to
put the phone down, Brandon.
I'm
just staring at it.
I
do
it
even through the
night. I'll catch myself
waking up going, 'What are you looking
for? It's the
night.'Well,
it's just a friend of mine, I guess,
just trying to check on it. I just want to
make sure he's okay.
The
phone's still there. Oh,
you have my phone.
Don't mess with my
friend!
I was going to charge it for you.
People
are
going to think you're
serious.
No, I'm not serious.
Well, I do look at it all the time.
They do take me too seriously.
I like having fun; I'm joking.
Life's good.
But there is a side of me that's very
serious.
Life is happy.
The Lord said you must remain happy in
the days ahead. Enjoy life;
He wants you to have it in abundance, to
the full, until it overflows.
We just laugh about nothing,
have fun as a family,
and
play games.
So, we love y'all. Thank you for
spending time with us after the
prayer.
It was
heavy today, y'all. I needed to laugh.
There was a lot of
inner surgery today and
it was rough. I made it through in
the Lord. It was very corrective. I
told Diana it
felt
like I just went through a
pressure cooker.
It was a thunderous
word—thunder,
lightning, and smoke.
I was like, 'Is my hair there?'Oh no,
it's gone.
I heard you, Lord.
Uncle Fester here;
I got too close to the glory.
The hair's gone.
You can see His glory shining on my face,
on
my shiny head.
He gets the glory shining.
It's going to be extra shiny.
They're like, 'Put
a little thing around your
head.'Moses
had
white hair in the Ten Commandments; it
wouldn't be that way with me.
It looks like a light bulb.
The glory
face. Y'all aren't right!
We're not. You're
figuring it out.
They're like, 'We're not watching you
anymore,'but
they're laughing.
It's been
a day. I'm tired now.
We love you. Thank you for joining
us, y'all. It means so much to us.
We're just trying
to be real. We
love to pray, we love to seek the Lord,
and we're so thankful for every single
one of you that join and
subscribe to our YouTube
channel. It's been life-changing for
us that God would choose us and use us
for such a time as this. We're
grateful every time you click
that notification bell and do the
things you do to be a part of our
YouTube community. I believe that
the best is yet to come. Praying in 2026
and praying over this year. I
believe we'll do a video
tomorrow.
I always sit before Him
during
that last special
time
before you cross over into the
new year. It's something holy to me.
I sit with Him as I get ready to
take my breath into the next year and
just say thank you for
another year. We do
it
every
year—making
our list,
writing down what we're believing God
for, stretching our faith.
Grab a hold
of
what you're believing for and
say,
'God, I know that You're able to do
this.'We
love you all again.
Remember,
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. We love you, Jesus loves
you, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.